[Music]
We respectfully bow to our compassionate Father, the
Buddha Shakyamuni.
When we
practice, we
see that his merits are
immeasurable and boundless.
For the sake of all sentient beings,
whatever vows he made, he fulfilled them.
If he did not achieve enlightenment, he would not
leave the Bodhi tree.
We
only sat for a short
while and did not
receive anything. We think
that it is because our hearts are
selfish and greedy,
[Music]
clinging, that we cannot do it. But our compassionate Father is
all for the sake of sentient beings.
Everything
he directed was for the sake of
sentient beings, therefore he made a great vow and
[Music]
fulfilled that great
vow. With
deep gratitude,
we respectfully bow to the
compassion and great
vows of
our compassionate Father. We also ask for
his support so
that we may
practice and study his teachings,
gradually abandoning greed and
selfishness, so that one day
we may make and
practice our vows, even small ones. We
will strive with the blessings of our
compassionate Father.  We have
made small vows, gradually growing larger and larger,
until one day, in some lifetime,
we too will be able to fulfill the great vows
as our esteemed father
has done, as our esteemed father hopes
for us, as our esteemed father hopes for us. We sincerely and respectfully bow and pray for our esteemed
father's blessings. We respectfully express our
gratitude to our esteemed father, Shakyamuni Buddha,
our esteemed father of all beings.
From now until countless
lifetimes, even if we cultivate a little merit,
a little goodness, may
we be able to practice
those goodness in the righteous Dharma and dedicate it to all
beings in the Dharma realm, from the
heavens to the hells, all
beings, so that they may all receive the blessings from the Three Jewels, be
connected with
us, and practice together under the protection
of our
esteemed father, the Buddhas of the Ten Directions,
so that we and all beings may be
as he taught: "He is a Buddha who
has become
[music],
you will become Buddhas." We humbly beseech our esteemed father to
witness our
[music]